Method Overriding:
     Method overriding allows us to have same  methods in parent and child classes.
Why we should override a method?
    1) when we inherit from a class everything other than private methods and constructors is inherited if we
    don't like any method from the parent we can override.
    2) it helps us achieve polymorphism.
what is the syntax to override a method:
    1) First there must be a parent child relationship.
    2) In the child class just redefine the method.
Type casting in objects:
    As we can type cast in the primitive data types we can also type cast objects.
    like storing the object of a child class in a variable of parent type.
Why we should type cast objects?
    with the help of type casting we can start storing the objects of child classes in an array of type parent.
what is the syntax to type cast?
    its same as primitive type caseting for example if we have an animal class and animal class has a child class Cat
    we can do
    Animal animal=new Cat();
    parent name[] arr={new childclass name()}
polymorphism:
    polymorphism is the ability of a method to take on many forms based on the object or the parameters that we pass
    to the method.
Types of polymorphism:
    There are two types of polymorphism. 1) compile time/static/early binding or run time/dynamic or late binding.
    compile time/static/early binding:
        When we use method overloading to achieve polymorphism it is called [compile time polymorphism].
    Run time/dynamic or late binding:
        When we use method overriding to achieve polymorphism then it is called [Run time polymorphism].

final Keyword:
    final keyword is just like any other keyword in java like class package void etc.
    There are three man uses of final keyword.
    1) If we use final keyword with a class no other class can inherit from that class.
    2) If we use it with a method name no child class can override that method.
    3) If we use it a field once the value has been assigned to that field no one can change it value afterwards.